---
layout: post
title: capture the flag participation
date: 2024-23-08 19:05:00
description: a log of the CTFs i've participated in to date
tags: CTFs
categories: 
tabs: true
---

To view my CTF logs, please click this link:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Jpl8el70ainfZIWUYiEkgDLbeuV9BrcScYEIWPF6Uqk/edit?usp=sharing

## DamCTF 2024

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/damctf_24.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>

This was my very first CTF, so I went into it with almost no knowledge on anything cybersecurity related. It was simply to get my feet wet and figure out how a CTF actually works, as I'd heard so much about them that I wanted to give it a go. Apart from the first and last flags (which were just from  reading the rules), I was only close to getting one for this <a href="https://gitlab.com/osusec/damctf-2024-challenges/-/tree/main/misc/asparagus?ref_type=heads">OSINT challenge</a>. However, not being located in the US proved a huge disadvantage and I didn't end up getting it. But this first step was important, and I compare it to when you throw babies into swimming pools and expect them to learn how to float based off instinct. I had absolutely no idea what I was doing, yet I ended up beating more than 100 people in the end.

## UNSW SecSoc Rookie Rumble 2024

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets\img\rookie_rumble_24.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>

This was my second CTF, and a MASSIVE step up in performance. To be honest, the challenges were much simpler (credit to SecSoc and CSESoc for organising it in such a beginner friendly way), but I still pride myself in being able to figure out some of the challenges with little to zero knowledge on concepts such as reverse engineering, cryptography, pwning, and so on. We managed to rank 15th despite this, and it was an effort I'm quite proud of. I think this CTF will be the one I look back on if I ever get really good at these.
